We just got a quick tour of some aspects of Kubernetes.
And now, as I mentioned, at the end of the last video, I just want to highlight some really important
pieces of terminology.
We're going to be using some of these terms quite a bit throughout the rest of this course.
So just want to make sure that it's really clear what these mean.
First off, what is a Kubernetes cluster?
It's a collection of nodes, plus a master to manage all those different nodes effectively.
It's the entire set of infrastructure that's going to run our code.
With that in mind, what's a node?
A node is a virtual machine that's going to run all the different containers that we throw at our Kubernetes
cluster.
A single cluster might have many, many nodes assigned to it.
It might only have one node.
So right now, on our local computer, we are running a Kubernetes cluster, and by default it has just
one node.
But as we start to deploy our application, we might want to start to run multiple many, maybe 310
1000 different nodes.
Next up was a pod.
Remember a pod for you and I?
In the context of this course, we are going to kind of use the term pod and container interchangeably.
Technically, they are absolutely not the same thing.
Technically, a pod is something that kind of wraps up a container and a pod can wrap up multiple different
containers together, but we are not going to do that inside this course.
So for you and I, there's really a 1 to 1 mapping between pods and containers.
So we're probably just going to end up using these terms rather interchangeably.
Next up was a deployment.
Deployments are going to monitor a set of identical pods or pods that are meant to run the same container
inside them if anything ever happens to those pods.
So, for example, if the pod crashes or just stops running for any reason, the deployment is going
to see that and automatically restart that pod for us.
And then finally a service.
And this is probably going to be one of the most confusing terms that we're going to run into because
we are in a course about microservices.
We are creating services that are programs, but then we're also creating services in Kubernetes that
are something totally different.
So remember, a Kubernetes service is something that provides a very easy to remember URL so that other
running pods or containers inside of our cluster can very easily access another pod.
There are several different types of services, and we're going to highlight and explore these different
types in due time.
I'm going to apologize right now because there's probably going to be a lot of confusion as we move
forward, when I'm going to use the word service and you're going to say, wait, like our application
service or the Kubernetes service or what service are you talking about?
So just remember when you hear me say service, it's always in the context of either Kubernetes or some
actual program that you and I are trying to run, create and develop.
All right.
So again, just a quick reminder on these pieces of terminology.
So with all of that in mind, we're going to take a quick pause right now.
And then, as I've said two or three times now, we're going to start to implement the float that we
just discussed in the next video.